OK
If Mr. Gao loses the bet, 110 million
Then Mr. Hua is ready to worship the teacher for tea
everyone
The next stone game starts in 10 minutes
Everyone take a break
Caiyun, why are you still betting with him?
That disgusting ghost surnamed Gao is disgusting
He should have some strength
You shouldn't have voted for King Luo
I'll borrow the doll from you, Chen Haoyong
Ah!
Do you want to pick up Chen Hao to help you adjust the rough stones?
Yeah, I figured it out last time.
No matter how lucky a person is
It is impossible to open the jadeite three times in a row
So last time I decided
Chen Hao must be an urban expert
Caiyun, you look up to him too much, right?
Can he beat you?
Totally shit luck
Last time I played with him, I invited him here
How do you want to push three and four?
You put your hopes in him
In case the method you taught me is really useful
I can sense the aura. What if?
Chen Hao will definitely help Caiyun win